[15.0][ADD] sale_order_whole_delivered_invoiceability: Add new module (#1791)
OCA/account-invoicing: sale_order_whole_delivered_invoiceability/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

> Create a product and set as invoicing policy ‘Delivered Quantities’.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a new storable product
#. Set its invoicing policy as "Delivered Quantities".
```
